Build a modern, visually appealing website for a SaaS product called Striktly. Striktly is a PEPPOL solution for managing incoming and outgoing invoices, targeted at businesses seeking fast, low-cost PEPPOL compliance. The website should be focused on conversion and clearly communicate Striktly’s unique selling points:

Fast and low-cost PEPPOL compliancy

No changes to the customer’s current workflow

All documents managed in one platform

Automatic export to the accountant

Unlimited support

Website requirements:

Homepage:

Hero section with a strong headline and subheadline that communicates Striktly’s value proposition.

Prominent call-to-action (CTA) buttons (e.g., "Start Free Trial", "Book a Demo").

Visuals or illustrations that convey ease of use and automation.

Section highlighting the five USPs above, each with an icon and a short description.

Short explanation of how Striktly works (step-by-step or diagram).

Testimonials or trust signals (e.g., customer logos, security badges).

FAQ section addressing common questions about PEPPOL and invoicing.

Features page:

Detailed breakdown of features, organized by benefit (compliance, workflow integration, document management, automation, support).

Use bullet points, icons, and screenshots/mockups for clarity.

Pricing page:

Section introducing pricing philosophy (transparent, no hidden fees).

Embed a Stripe pricing table using the Stripe script (include a placeholder for the embed code).

Highlight any free trial or money-back guarantee if available.

Navigation:

Sticky navigation bar with links to Home, Features, Pricing, FAQ, Contact.

Prominent CTA in the header (e.g., "Start Free Trial").

Footer:

Contact information, social media links, legal/privacy links.

Design:

Clean, modern, and professional SaaS look (white background, accent color for CTAs, easy-to-read fonts).

Responsive and mobile-friendly layout.

Use visually engaging elements (icons, illustrations, subtle animations) to enhance appeal.

Stripe Integration:

On the Pricing page, leave a placeholder comment where the Stripe pricing table script will be embedded.

Instructions for Replit:

Generate all necessary HTML, CSS, and JavaScript for a multi-page website.

Use semantic HTML for accessibility and SEO.

For the Pricing page, include a placeholder comment like <!-- Stripe Pricing Table Embed Here --> for easy integration later.

Ensure the site is focused on driving signups or demo requests.

Example of Pricing Page Placeholder for Stripe:

xml
<!-- Stripe Pricing Table Embed Here -->
<!-- Example: 
<script async src="https://js.stripe.com/v3/pricing-table.js"></script>
<stripe-pricing-table
  pricing-table-id="your-pricing-table-id"
  publishable-key="your-publishable-key">
</stripe-pricing-table>
-->